# Random-forest

I implemented a random forest classifier in Python. The performance of the classifier is evaluated using 10fold cross validation on a provided dataset.<br/>

To train the classifier, I worked on the wine dataset, which is often used for evaluating classification algorithms. The classification task is to determine whether the quality of a particular wine
is over 7. The wine quality scores is mapped to binary classes of 0 and 1. Wine scores
from 0 to 6 (inclusive) are mapped to 0, wine scores of 7 and above are mapped to 1. I perform binary classification on the dataset. The dataset is extracted from
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Wine+Quality. The data is stored in a comma separated file
(csv). Each line describes a wine using 12 columns: the first 11 describe the wine’s characteristics, and the last column is a ground t ruth label for the
quality of the wine (0/1). 

## deliverable:
RandomForest.py : The source file of your program. This should also contain brief comments
mentioning what each section of the code does, e.g., calculating information gain.
2. cse6242_hw4_submission_LastNameFirstName.
csv : The submission file generated by the tester file.3
3. 
<ol>
    <li>RandomForest.py : The source file of your program. This should also contain brief comments
mentioning what each section of the code does, e.g., calculating information gain.</li>
    <li>cse6242_hw4_submission_MagnardFlore.csv : The submission file generated by the tester file</li>
    <li>description.txt : This file includes: 
   <br/> a. How I implemented the initial random forest and why you chose this specific approach 
<br/> b. Accuracy of your implementation (with cross validation)
<br/>c. Explain improvements that I made and hiw does it works
</ol>
